README.md, before:

<a href="https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/MPL/2.0" rel="nofollow"><img src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/3fcf3d6b678ea15fde3cf7d6af0e242160366282d62a7c182d83a50bfee3f45e/68747470733a2f2f696d672e736869656c64732e696f2f62616467652f4d504c2d322e302d626c75652e737667" alt="License: MPL-2.0" data-canonical-src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MPL-2.0-blue.svg" style="max-width:100%;"></a>
![love-badge]

![GitHub-Mark-Light](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1947905/229085401-96e7dd95-99a1-4781-b514-e4cd8614fa57.png#gh-light-mode-only)
![GitHub-Mark-Dark](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1947905/229466140-9227de8a-4889-4512-857a-86a2a4bc15a9.png#gh-dark-mode-only)

<div align="center">
    <a href="https://community.taiga.io/"><b>Community</b></a> •
    <a href="https://twitter.com/taigaio"><b>Twitter</b></a> •
    <a href="https://www.instagram.com/taiga.io/"><b>Instagram</b></a> •
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/2477837"><b>Linkedin</b></a> •
    <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPylOFXlUHW55ErP8q2R2DQ/videos"><b>Youtube</b></a>
</div>

<details open="open">
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>

- [About](#about)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
- [Community](#community)
- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
- [License](#license)

</details>

## About

[Taiga](https://www.taiga.io/) is a free and open-source project management tool for cross-functional agile teams to work effectively. 

![taiga-projects-homepage](https://github.com/taigaio/taiga/assets/5446186/b9dc7f21-c670-44bf-ae1f-e5a41343dffc)


This is the repository of the next iteration of Taiga in which we are keeping key Taiga concepts but rethinking many aspects related to user experience, processes and interaction. The new Taiga will also showcase the [Kaleidos](https://kaleidos.net/) vision around lean and design processes, connecting our two products, Taiga and [Penpot](https://penpot.app/), together.

### Built with

<div align="center">
    
  [![Python][python-badge]][python-url]
  [![FastAPI][fastapi-badge]][fastapi-url]
  [![Django][django-badge]][django-url]
  [![RxJS][rxjs-badge]][rxjs-url]
  [![Angular][angular-badge]][angular-url]
  [![TypeScript][typescript-badge]][typescript-url]
  [![Jest][jest-badge]][jest-url]
  [![Nx][nx-badge]][nx-url]
  [![PostCSS][postcss-badge]][postcss-url]
    
</div>
    
## Community

Welcome to our open source software community!

If you'd like to know the news and events about Taiga, go to [Events and Announcements](https://community.taiga.io/c/announcements/5)

If you'd like to help us shape to Taiga, go to [Feature requests](https://community.taiga.io/c/taiga-next/feature-requests/14)

## Code of Conduct

Help us keep the Taiga Community open and inclusive. 

Please read and follow our [Code of Conduct](https://taiga.io/code-of-conduct).

## License

```
This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
file, You can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.

Copyright (c) KALEIDOS INC
```
Please read carefully [our license](https://github.com/taigaio/taiga/blob/main/LICENSE). Every code patch accepted in Taiga codebase is licensed under MPL-2 license.

Taiga is a Kaleidos’ [open source project](https://kaleidos.net/products)


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
[love-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20with-love-red
[python-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54
[python-url]: https://www.python.org/
[fastapi-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi
[fastapi-url]: https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/
[django-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white
[django-url]: https://www.djangoproject.com/
[rxjs-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/rxjs-%23B7178C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=reactivex&logoColor=white
[rxjs-url]: https://rxjs.dev/
[angular-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-DD0031?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white
[angular-url]: https://angular.io/
[typescript-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white
[typescript-url]: https://www.typescriptlang.org/
[jest-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-jest-%23C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white
[jest-url]: https://jestjs.io/
[nx-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/nx-143055?style=for-the-badge&logo=nx&logoColor=white
[nx-url]: https://nx.dev/
[postcss-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/postcss-DD3A0A?style=for-the-badge&logo=postcss&logoColor=white
[postcss-url]: https://postcss.org/

Commit message:

🖤🛣️ BlackRoad OS, Inc. Enhancement
- Added BlackRoad branding and documentation
- Added proprietary license (public source, no commercial resale)
- Added production-ready Docker Compose configuration
- Added deployment guide and metadata
- Integrated with BlackRoad infrastructure ecosystem

Managed by: Alexa Amundson
Organization: BlackRoad OS, Inc.
Enhanced: 2026-01-08T03:00:31Z

🎯 Digital Sovereignty | Zero Vendor Lock-in | Full Transparency

README.md, after:

# 🖤🛣️ BlackRoad Enhanced Edition

> **This is a BlackRoad OS, Inc. managed fork**
> Customized for digital sovereignty and zero vendor lock-in

[![BlackRoad](https://img.shields.io/badge/BlackRoad-OS%2C%20Inc.-FF1D6C?style=for-the-badge)](https://blackroad.io)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Proprietary-F5A623?style=for-the-badge)](LICENSE)
[![Managed](https://img.shields.io/badge/Managed%20By-Alexa%20Amundson-2979FF?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/blackboxprogramming)

**[📖 BlackRoad Documentation](BLACKROAD.md)** | **[🚀 Deployment Guide](DEPLOYMENT.md)** | **[📜 License](LICENSE)**

---

# Original Project Documentation

<a href="https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/MPL/2.0" rel="nofollow"><img src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/3fcf3d6b678ea15fde3cf7d6af0e242160366282d62a7c182d83a50bfee3f45e/68747470733a2f2f696d672e736869656c64732e696f2f62616467652f4d504c2d322e302d626c75652e737667" alt="License: MPL-2.0" data-canonical-src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MPL-2.0-blue.svg" style="max-width:100%;"></a>
![love-badge]

![GitHub-Mark-Light](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1947905/229085401-96e7dd95-99a1-4781-b514-e4cd8614fa57.png#gh-light-mode-only)
![GitHub-Mark-Dark](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1947905/229466140-9227de8a-4889-4512-857a-86a2a4bc15a9.png#gh-dark-mode-only)

<div align="center">
    <a href="https://community.taiga.io/"><b>Community</b></a> •
    <a href="https://twitter.com/taigaio"><b>Twitter</b></a> •
    <a href="https://www.instagram.com/taiga.io/"><b>Instagram</b></a> •
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/2477837"><b>Linkedin</b></a> •
    <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPylOFXlUHW55ErP8q2R2DQ/videos"><b>Youtube</b></a>
</div>

<details open="open">
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>

- [About](#about)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
- [Community](#community)
- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
- [License](#license)

</details>

## About

[Taiga](https://www.taiga.io/) is a free and open-source project management tool for cross-functional agile teams to work effectively. 

![taiga-projects-homepage](https://github.com/taigaio/taiga/assets/5446186/b9dc7f21-c670-44bf-ae1f-e5a41343dffc)


This is the repository of the next iteration of Taiga in which we are keeping key Taiga concepts but rethinking many aspects related to user experience, processes and interaction. The new Taiga will also showcase the [Kaleidos](https://kaleidos.net/) vision around lean and design processes, connecting our two products, Taiga and [Penpot](https://penpot.app/), together.

### Built with

<div align="center">
    
  [![Python][python-badge]][python-url]
  [![FastAPI][fastapi-badge]][fastapi-url]
  [![Django][django-badge]][django-url]
  [![RxJS][rxjs-badge]][rxjs-url]
  [![Angular][angular-badge]][angular-url]
  [![TypeScript][typescript-badge]][typescript-url]
  [![Jest][jest-badge]][jest-url]
  [![Nx][nx-badge]][nx-url]
  [![PostCSS][postcss-badge]][postcss-url]
    
</div>
    
## Community

Welcome to our open source software community!

If you'd like to know the news and events about Taiga, go to [Events and Announcements](https://community.taiga.io/c/announcements/5)

If you'd like to help us shape to Taiga, go to [Feature requests](https://community.taiga.io/c/taiga-next/feature-requests/14)

## Code of Conduct

Help us keep the Taiga Community open and inclusive. 

Please read and follow our [Code of Conduct](https://taiga.io/code-of-conduct).

## License

```
This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
file, You can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.

Copyright (c) KALEIDOS INC
```
Please read carefully [our license](https://github.com/taigaio/taiga/blob/main/LICENSE). Every code patch accepted in Taiga codebase is licensed under MPL-2 license.

Taiga is a Kaleidos’ [open source project](https://kaleidos.net/products)


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
[love-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20with-love-red
[python-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54
[python-url]: https://www.python.org/
[fastapi-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi
[fastapi-url]: https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/
[django-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white
[django-url]: https://www.djangoproject.com/
[rxjs-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/rxjs-%23B7178C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=reactivex&logoColor=white
[rxjs-url]: https://rxjs.dev/
[angular-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-DD0031?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white
[angular-url]: https://angular.io/
[typescript-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white
[typescript-url]: https://www.typescriptlang.org/
[jest-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-jest-%23C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white
[jest-url]: https://jestjs.io/
[nx-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/nx-143055?style=for-the-badge&logo=nx&logoColor=white
[nx-url]: https://nx.dev/
[postcss-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/postcss-DD3A0A?style=for-the-badge&logo=postcss&logoColor=white
[postcss-url]: https://postcss.org/
